Heute bin ich mit Takeshi am Charles River spazieren gegangen.
I reflected on the four years that I’ve spent here.
Am Anfang war ich begeistert, aber die Dinge waren hart, bis ich Takeshi getroffen habe.
I think I’ve changed a lot since I met him.
I suppose it wasn’t time for romance, but being alone was a downer.
When you feel down you want someone to be around you.
But it doesn’t mean that you ought to seek out a boyfriend thoughtlessly just because you’re feeling sad.
I’ve gotten my feelings hurt a few times that way.
Aber Takeshi ist anders.
Ich fühle mich sicher, einfach nur, wenn ich mit ihm zusammen bin.
I think it’s the first time I’ve felt this way.
Nächstes Jahr wird Takeshi nach Japan zurückkehren und in einem Forschungszentrum arbeiten.
What will happen to me?
Ich würde gerne im selben Forschungszentrum wie Takeshi arbeiten.